compat doc for bug#563497 (#977)
Microsoft/dotnet: Documentation/compatibility/aspnet-ASP.NET ValidationContext.MemberName is null sometimes.md

## ASP.NET ValidationContext.MemberName is not NULL when using custom DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute

### Version Introduced
4.8

### Change Description

> When using custom `DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute`, `System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationContext.MemberName` returns null.  This issue is fixed in .NET 4.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET Framework 4.7.2 and earlier versions, when using a custom <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationContext.MemberName?displayProperty=nameWithType> property returns `null`.  In .NET Framework 4.8, it returns member name.
```

Author: updated.

### Recommended Action

> Starting from .NET 4.8, the default behavior stays the same.  Please use the following appsettings to retrieve valud of `ValidationContext.MemberName` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior of the <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationContext.MemberName?displayProperty=nameWithType> property remains the same.  To retrieve a valid value from the `ValidationContext.MemberName` property, add the following setting to your app config file:
```

Author: updated.
